[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a supernatural
horror film as above
so below spoiler ahead watch out and
take care the story begins with an
interview by a french discovery channel
the interviewee scarlett is a university
professor who has acquired phds in
archaeology
chemistry and symbolism at a young age
with proficiency in six languages in a
black belt in martial arts
she is an absolute genius her father who
was also a famous alchemy scholar
devoted his life to searching for the
philosopher's stone
it is believed that the philosopher's
stone can turn any ordinary metal into
gold and grant eternal life by opening
the space tunnel
however legends exist only in
imagination by far
and people's search for the stone only
exists in books
scarlett's father was criticized for his
obsession with the research
and even when he hung himself after
suffering from depression
rumor says he was insane scarlett's
passion for the stone is nothing second
to her father's
six hundred years ago the philosoph
stone was discovered by nicholas flamel
according to legend he hid the clues to
the stone on his tombstone
but so far no one has been able to
figure it out
this time round scarlett discovers the
rose key in a cave in iran
which allows her to translate alchemy
symbols into arabic
along with her documentarian scarlett
asked her friend george
a linguist to help with the translation
after translating the inscription
they get a series of codes through
reasoning they derive the location of
the alchemy stone
which lays about 370 feet below nicolas
to him
the map indicates that nicolas tomb is
connected to the catacombs of paris
which are known as the tombs of skulls
the catacombs in what is now the place d
danielle rothschild in paris contained
the remains of nearly six million people
in 1786 when the plague broke out in
paris
bones were removed from the cemetery and
placed in the catacombs
in order to fulfill her father's last
wish and prove her academic commitment
scarlet organizes an expedition to the
catacombs of paris
in search of the alchemy stone the team
consists of scarlet
george documentarian a catacomb guide
and his two friends
george is afraid of caves because his
brother had died in them
and he refuses to go however when the
rest get ready to enter the caves
a man in black suddenly attacks them in
the chaos
george is also driven into the caves on
their journey
guide sees a half-melted candle not far
ahead
a group of women dressed in white were
singing as if they were hosting some
kind of cult event
as it is quite a common scene the team
does not mind it at all
the closest road to nicholas tomb is a
secret tunnel
legend has it that no one has ever
walked out of that tunnel alive
guide's male friend enters the tunnel
out of curiosity
and mysteriously disappears after that
owing to guide strong objection
the team has to climb over the skulls to
reach another narrow passage
when the documentarian climbs out of the
passage the bone pile behind him
suddenly collapses
and the passage back is blocked as god
has misled them earlier
they have no other way out except trying
the mysterious tunnel
the team reluctantly enter the tunnel
strangely enough
before they walk further there is a
phone ringing but it is impossible to
have a telephone line in this deep
catacomb
at the corner of the tunnel stands a
piano after george's observation
he finds that the piano is the same one
in his childhood home
the strange phone calls continue to ring
following the sound
scarlett finds the phone and answers it
a man's voice comes out and he keeps
asking scarlett
why she refuses to talk with him
scarlett's face turns pale with fear
the voice is clearly her dead father's
right at the moment
much to their shock missing comes back
the walls overhead are cracking and the
tunnel could collapse at any moment
without further ado missing leads the
team to a deep well
missing reveals to them this is the only
exit having no choice
they follow him down the well but as
soon as they land
there is a piercing nay a little boy
flashes before missing's eyes
and disappears under the guidance of the
missing
scarlet enters a crypt full of symbols
the symbols happen to match with the
letters
they interpret from nicholas tombstone
after some calculations
scarlett removes a stone cracks the
mechanism
and opens the crypt they discover an
uncorrupted corpse in the crypt
that is nicholas who has been dead for
600 years
beside him there is a water pool passing
through the tunnel beneath the pool
they arrive at another crypt which
boasts various kinds of treasures
the dark red flamel stone is embedded in
a sun pattern on one wall
guide and missing are thrilled about the
treasures and remove the fences of the
treasure store room by force
immediately after they have done that
stone walls crumble
and the crypt collapses at once treasure
room turns into rubbles
and guides lady friend is injured
scarlett treats her injuries with the
alchemy stone
the wounds are healed right away it has
proven that flammable stone has healing
power
the team begin to seek other exists
scarlet finds another passage hidden
under the crypt
entering it they find a phrase in greek
abandon all hope
ye who enter here the same as the
entrance to hell in dante's inferno
this sentence makes them shudder but
they have to move forward without much
choice
behind the narrow passage appears a
third crypt looking identical to the
first one
however over here the picture is upside
down
and the corpse is rotten missing is
sitting inside with a dull look
lady steps forward to check his
well-being and is suddenly killed by the
catatonic missing
worse off missing vanishes after he has
done the killing
sadly this time the stone cannot heal at
all
leaving the crypt they come to an
identical deep well the timid
documentarian is the last to go down
but is accidentally frightened by a
woman in white with a dead baby in her
arms he falls to his death unfortunately
as the group comes to the pile of dead
bodies george unexpectedly sees his dead
brother in the turning sewage
as they move forward there is a burning
car deep in the tunnel
a boy sitting in the car turns around
and gives guy a creepy smile
while guide shouts out is not his fault
he is suddenly sucked into the fire
with only two legs left now there are
only three survivors in the catacombs
namely scarlet george and missing but
the torture in such a hell does not
simply end there
with constant whaling from all sides
rotten bodies are wandering around to
attack them george is bitten by the
rotten body as he runs
scarlett suddenly remembers the last
coat on nicolas tombstone
by correcting you will find the hidden
stone she realizes the flamer stone is a
trap
they can only find the real stone after
returning the current one
in order to save george scarlet decides
to return to the crypt alone
along the way demons constantly haunt
her and even torture her with the image
of her father's suicide
after some twists and turns scarlett
finally puts the stone back
then she notices that right in the
center of the fresco is a bronze mirror
scarlet comes to realize the mechanism
of the catacombs
it turns out to be a mirrored hell
divided into two levels with the curse
engraved on the hell entrance and
dante's inferno
as the demarcation point above for the
upper hell
below for the lower hell on the top the
flemmerstone has healing power
and preserved corpses in the upper hell
external power works
so objects endowed with spiritual forces
can do magic
while in the bottom physical things are
useless what works is faith comes from
ones within
the team have come into the catacombs
because each of them has certain
wrongdoings
scarlett did not answer her father's
last call made before his suicide
that is why when she enters the upper
hell she is questioned by her father
george's younger brother drowned in a
cave but george did not rescue him in
time
because he lost his way so he sees a
hallucination about his brother below
god is burnt to death in the inferno
because he did not save his companions
from the fire
missing made his girlfriend suffer from
pregnancy and labor pain
but he avoided the responsibility and
refused to admit it
so he saw the boy's phantom in the upper
hell lady dies
because she did not look for her friend
when he was missing
however documentarian sin is not very
clear shown
based on the woman in white and the dead
baby seen in the lower hell
it can be inferred that the
documentarian may be guilty of forcing
her to have an abortion
upon her realization scarlett returns to
the phantom of her father at once
she sincerely apologizes to him for not
answering his phone call on his last day
and then she goes back to george and
saves him by her faith
as the three of them admit their faults
they jump down a deep hole hand in hand
there is another door at the bottom
which delivers them right up to the
street of paris
the trio finally escape out of hell and
scarlet and george end up with an
affectionate hug
but without hormone let go this is
daniel cc movie channel
peace out